I request access to the data collected in the digital repository of the Institute for Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology, TUM Klinikum, part of the Technical University of Munich, established at Munich, Germany (hereinafter referred to as the TUM).

By accepting this agreement, I become the data controller (as defined under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)) of the data that I have access to, and am responsible that I access this data under the following terms:

1. I will treat the data in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). 
2. I will comply with all relevant rules and regulations imposed by my institution and my government. Rules established in this agreement thus take place in addition to existing general data protection regulations that are applicable in my country.
3. I will not attempt to establish or retrieve the identity of the study participants. I will not link this data to any other database in a way that could provide identifying information. I shall not request the pseudonymisation key that would link this data to an individual’s personal information, nor will I accept any additional information about individual participants under this Data Use Agreement.
4. I will not redistribute this data or share access to this data with others, unless they have independently applied and been granted access to this data, i.e., signed this Data Use Agreement. This includes individuals in my institution. I will guarantee that I maintain full control of the data at all times until it is deleted.
5. I will reference the specific source of the accessed data when publicly presenting any results or algorithms that benefited from their use: (a) Papers, book chapters, books, posters, oral presentations, and all other presentations of results derived from the data should acknowledge the origin of the data as follows: “Data were provided (in part) by Institute for Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology, TUM Klinikum, Technical University of Munich, Germany”. (b) Authors of publications or presentations using the data should cite relevant publications describing the methods developed and used by the Institute for Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology, TUM Klinikum, Technical University of Munich, Germany to acquire and process the data. The specific publications that are appropriate to cite in any given study will depend on what the data were used and for what purposes. When applicable, a list of publications will be included in the collection. (c) Neither the Institute for Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology nor the TUM Klinikum nor TUM, nor the researchers that provide this data will be liable for any results and/or derived data. They shall not be included as an author of publications or presentations without consent.
6. Failure to abide by these guidelines will result in termination of my privileges to access these data.
7. In case of termination of my privileges to access these data, I will permanently delete all remaining copies of the data.
